Add `getThumbnail` APIs to `Player` and `Source` (#225)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Support to get thumbnail images via `Player.getThumbnail` and `Source.getThumbnail`

Reviewer: I would prefer the changelog style that you used in #224 

```suggestion
- `Player.getThumbnail` and `Source.getThumbnail` APIs to get thumbnail images
```

Author: Good point!
Taking the suggested change!
